Check for external storage data when loading, so as not to miss old version save data

Keep widget? Or just get rid of it?
I like the idea of removing it, and eventually adding a notifications feature instead

Colors are still not applying to the widget pet image

Font is normal one on text and buttons for shop select, temperature, battle select, game select
OK... also sometimes it is correctly the paper cuts font...

Can text on action bar use custom font?

Sometimes transitions seem slow

For the games with just info showing (gps games etc), maybe show some explanation for how they work

Add support for the Android backup/restore system

Can the store pages be all one activity and just scroll to the side via dragging?

After a battle, if you got an item and then sold it, it returns to the main screen, but it should return to the battle summary

Brick game takes too long to complete
More brick game templates?

When you spend stat points, it should add the same amount to max and current

When dead, do not allow stat screen button for spending points
When dying, make sure the age is stopped where they died
Carry over perma items when a new pet is made
Chance to get sick seems too high
Maybe also look at chance to die when I do this

Increase fps to 60?

Add license comments to source files

Can you see your non consumable buffs summarized somewhere?

Consider creating a base activity that most of the activities inherit from

Take a look at how sounds are being done

Trying to play gps games without permission gives toast about not having a gps receiver

Test gps games

Looks like thought bubble need pics have wrong colors

Wifi battle with no wifi gives an error about system being too busy
Should say wifi is off or unavailable
Can I prompt to enable wi fi?
Show connection info in the activity
I.e., show when connecting, show when transmitting battle data

A bit beast should use its pet data AS SENT when battling, not load it from storage in the battle activity

Test wi fi battles with same and different versions

Remove QR code?

Update readme.md
Update permissions.txt and system requirements

Some indication of the pet's desired temperature

Battle menu should show nearby paired devices with bit beast running
Battle requests can be sent to a bit beast regardless of whether it's on the battle screen
When you receive a battle request, you must accept or deny it
Add a setting to ignore battle requests
Allow this setting to be toggled in config screen and also on battle accept screen
Add a screen that the battle started waits on while the other person chooses whether to accept it
When in battle screen, NFC to another device will auto pair them, regardless of whether second person is even running bit beast
Battle screen should have explanation about NFC pairing stuff
Help screens should explain pairing in case user needs to do it themselves, for instance if they don't have NFC

----------------------------------------------------------------

Battle button grayed out when it should not be

Hubert got added twice to the cemetery

See if any specific sounds are slowing loads

Widget definitely needs to scale better
Can I make it change what it displays based on its size, or scale the whole thing?
If I do whole scaling might need multiple sized Widgets

Widget background should scale better
Current widget becomes large version
Add a smaller one

Click or swipe poop to clean up individual poops?
Sound effect half-volume yard cleaning sound?
Little animation for cleaning up individual poop?

The help pages need an overhaul. Wait until the new version is done though
